chore: dfx copy updates (#586)
dfinity/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/cli-reference/dfx-stop.adoc

= dfx stop

Use the `+dfx stop+` command to stop the {IC} processes that you currently have running on your local computer.

> In most cases, you run the {IC} locally so that you can deploy canisters and test your dapps during development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, you run the canister execution environment locally so that you can deploy canisters and test your dapps during development.
```

> To simulate an external {IC} connection, these processes run continuously either in a terminal shell where you started them or the in the background until you stop or kill them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simulate an external {IC} connection, these processes run continuously either in a terminal shell where you started them or the in the background until you stop or kill them.
```

> dfx stop

Reviewer: L31: {IC} network => canister execution environment

----

> If the local {IC} replica is running in a current shell rather than in the background, open a new terminal shell, change to a project directory, then run the `+dfx stop+` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the local canister execution environment is running in a current shell rather than in the background, open a new terminal shell, change to a project directory, then run the `+dfx stop+` command.
```
